Products
Research
Company
Get in touch
iGenius
A deep-tech company with a people-first approach
Why work at iGenius?
Ambition, talent, and teamwork – this is how we shape your future, combining a start-up mindset with the impact of a corporation.
Innovation
Our forward-thinking mindset drives us to innovate and develop technology that outpaces the ever-evolving market.
Growth
We invest in people, we offer training opportunities customized for each person’s professional growth.
Flexibility
We let people work wherever they want in Italy, promoting a healthy work-life balance for our team members.
Impact
We develop impactful products that make a difference in a competitive sector.
Inclusion
Our multigenerational team values different viewpoints, drawing strength from each person’s unique experience and background.
Sustainability
Sustainability is as important to us as the well-being of our team members, and we see it as a key driver of our overall success.
Company benefits

At iGenius, we encourage innovation, promote talent, and put people first, offering them a range of benefits, such as:

Flexible working

We prioritize objectives over working hours to allow each team member to organize their tasks autonomously and efficiently.

Mental health support

We provide resources to support the mental well-being of our team members.

Learning budget

We invest in our team members’ growth with an allocated budget for them to use on resources aligned with their interests.

Learning Friday

Our team members can spend Friday afternoons taking courses, reading and improving their skills.

Overseas remote work

Our team members can spend up to 45 days per year working from an overseas location.

Food and drink

Our office offers a selection of tasty ready-made meals and snacks available for on-site working days.

Life at iGenius
“Working at iGenius gives me the flexibility to work remotely, even from abroad, which is a huge plus. I also love working in the field of AI— a fascinating and fast-moving sector. On top of that, the team is incredible—smart, friendly, and always supportive.”
Mattia Leoni, Senior designer at iGenius
Work with us
Join our team and reach your full potential
Job vacancies
© 2025 iGenius. All rights reserved.
Legal address
Via Principe Amedeo, 5, 20121 Milano MI
North America HQ
115 Broadway, New York, NY 10006
VAT number: 08523180969
English
Products
Crystal
Unicorn
Research
Language Models
Supercomputer
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Terms of use
Disclaimer
Compliance
Whistleblowing report
Company
Mission
Blog
Careers
Media
Resources
Crystal Docs
Release Notes